100 Good Things Mission Completed
Reward teleportation has been issued
Finally, the merits are fulfilled
Sister Meng, I will save you first.
I can't meet people who use the Dabai system.
You'll have to go by yourself.
Sister Meng, stop crying
I'll protect you.
Xu Tao, Xu Tao, what's wrong with you?
What's so good about him?
Why do you care so much about Xu Tao?
Hey, you obviously don't have a system?
Why is there still a bunch?
It seems that you can't be left to fend for yourself
Oh, dear.
I can't see people using the noisy system
What happens when you see it?
Eyes of needles grow
Sister, I'm about to be beaten to death
Are you afraid of growing the eye of a needle?
Then I count on it all.
My leg! Aah!
Your leg is broken, hurry up and go
I can't walk. My leg's broken.
This invisibility technique really made him understand